Update build process (#31)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: README.md

yarn build:zip
```

> ### 3. Run the backend plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. How to build backend plugin
```

> From the root folder of the project you can run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the root folder of the project run the following command:
```

```
make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-build
```
This command will build executable multi-platform files to the `dist` folder for the following platforms:
* linux/amd64
* linux/arm64
* linux/arm
* linux/386
* amd64
* arm64

> If you want to build only one of the supported platform you can run one of the next commands:
> * linux/amd64
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-linux-amd64-prod
> ```
> * linux/arm64
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-linux-arm64-prod
> ```
> * linux/arm
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-linux-arm-prod
> ```
> * linux/386
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-linux-386-prod
> ```
> * amd64
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-amd64-prod
> ```
> * arm64
> ```
> make victoriametrics-backend-plugin-arm64-prod
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> To use backend plugin you should define in the `plugin.json` file:
> 
> 1. "backend": true
> 2. "executable": "victoriametrics_datasource_plugin"
> 
> And run your grafana server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Release version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to make new release
```

> 0. Make sure that the release commits have no security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Make sure there are no open security issues.
```

> 1. Create the following release tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a release tag:
```

    * `git tag -s v1.xx.y` in `master` branch

> 2. Run `TAG=v1.xx.y make build-release`. This command performs the following tasks:
>    a) Build and package binaries in `*.tar.gz` release archives with the corresponding `_checksums.txt` files inside `dist` directory.
>    This step can be run manually with the command `make build-release` from the needed git tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `TAG=v1.xx.y make build-release` to build and package binaries in `*.tar.gz` release archives.
```

> 3. Push the tags created `v1.xx.y` at step 2 to public GitHub repository

Reviewer: Please provide a command example for this step

4. Go to <https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/releases> and verify that draft release with the name `TAG` has been created
   and this release contains all the needed binaries and checksums.

> 5. Remove the `draft` checkbox for the `TAG` release and manually publish it.

Reviewer: I believe, this step misses creation of https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/blob/main/victoriametrics-datasource-v0.1.1.zip and its checksum

Author: The backend and frontend build in one folder, `dist`. In that case, I prepared the build process which can build both parts into one tar.gz archive. I we should split this operation I can update make file

Author: Added `frontend-build-release` and `victoriametrics-datasource-frontend-plugin-release` commands which build only the frontend and pack it into `zip` format.
